I just cleaned the house, so remember, take your shoes off.
Okay, mom.
Mommy tell you to take off your shoes.
Yes.
Mom worked very hard to clean the house today.
How will she feel when she sees this?
I know, I know.
Let's clean this up together.
So that was a lot of work, right?
You know, if you had listened to mommy,
you wouldn't have had to do all that work.
My son, when we tell you to do something,
it's because we love you.
We want the best for you.
Remember what we're learning family worship?
It is here in Ephesians.
What chapter is that?
Six.
Right, very good.
This is what Jehovah wants you to do.
Children, that's your Caleb.
Be obedient to your parents
that it may go well with you.
That's why you should always listen to mommy daddy.
Come on, let's go get some food.
Okay, dad.
Caleb, it is time for family worship.
Get your book and pick up all these marbles.
Someone could get hurt.
Always listen to mommy daddy.
I'm so proud of you for obeying.
Now, let's hurry up.
Your sister and dad are waiting for us.
What do you see in this picture?
Oh, good, now everybody's here.
Let's say a prayer to begin family worship.